I remember I went to the press conference
where they announced his appointment,
and it was just like a new king had
been anointed. But then, you know,
because I had worked at Xtra, I was aware
that there had been controversy about him. So,
we were very much on the watch for him. Like, I
felt like we were waiting for something to happen,
in a way, because he seemed to have, I guess,
prejudices against the LGBT community based
on what he was doing in London [Ontario]. He
held a reception on Church Street for Pride,
which again was a big surprise. It was just...
Seemed like a bit of a public relations thing to,
kind of, make good with the community. And some
people actually protested that reception. I
remember the guest list of that reception was very
strange. Like, Xtra wasn’t invited. People that
you would’ve thought would have been invited,
weren’t invited. It seemed to have been a very
curated list. So, that was that summer, and then
the Pussy Palace happened in the fall. Not that
we expected the Pussy Palace raid, I think that
itself came as a surprise, but I think we were,
kind of, waiting for some shoe to drop, that
the police were going to do something because
there’s just a suspicion that [Julian] Fantino
had aggressive thoughts towards LGBT people.